I have never felt closer to mom I'm in
the exact same place that she was all
those years ago you're pregnant yeah
tonight it's a night for celebration
come on let's get this show on the road
I was told you couldn't come I'm a
spontaneous person no you're not no I'm
not
[Music]
it takes three great men to create such
a woman I never did ask you guys what
happened when you met my mother
[Music]
I don't know what my future holds but
the world is wide I want to make some
memories there's an island cala Carrie
people used to think if you sailed on
from there you'd fall off the edge of
the world that sounds like the place for
me I'm bill I'm Donna is literally the
handsomest man in the world except for
this guy well there's always incredible
I think we should stay here together may
the rest of our lives be the best of our
lives just tell me you didn't invite
your grandmother Wicked Witch of the
West
[Music]
I've decided to commit to being a
grandmother grandma you weren't invited
that's the best kind of party little
girl my soulmate may actually becomes
the line must be line all three of us
are grandfathers that's that
[Music]
look what you've done with the place she
wanted to make a mum proud if she hasn't
done that all her life
[Music]
we can't tell anybody about the baby yet
I just told bill yeah and I told Harry I
told many many people got about to
become a great grandmother great
grandmother I'm living that out of the
bio
[Music]